Feature/stresstest (#402)
eclipse/kuksa.val: test/stresstest/README.md

The stresstest can be invoked by running: ''' python3 stresstest.py '''
Before starting the stresstest run either: ''' python3 broker.py ''' or ''' python3 server.py '''
For the configuration which kind of stresstest is executed , you can specify a config file like [config.ini](config.ini).
In the configuration file you can specify:
* port = port which gets used to connect the stress clients
* ip = ip address which gets used to connect the stress clients

> * protocol = if the client should call websocket or gRPC's

Reviewer: Mention the actual string to use, maybe something like:

protocol = if the client should call websocket (`ws`, only supported by server)  or gRPC's (`grpc`)

The stresstest can be invoked by running: ''' python3 stresstest.py '''

> Before starting the stresstest run either: ''' python3 broker.py ''' or ''' python3 server.py '''

Reviewer 2: I think you should switch lines 1 and 2 as starting a server is the first step to be done.

> For the configuration which kind of stresstest is executed , you can specify a config file like [config.ini](config.ini).

Reviewer 2: How do I specify a config file?
When I read this I expect a CLI option that allows me to specify a config file.
Also, see my comment hereafter for config.py but it seems the config file is expected to be in the current working directory in order to work. That should be mentioned if it is expected here.

Author: Good point

In the configuration file you can specify:
* port = port which gets used to connect the stress clients
* ip = ip address which gets used to connect the stress clients
* protocol = if the client should call websocket (ws, only supported by server) or gRPC's (grpc)
* insecure = Dis/Allows insecure connections to KUKSA.val server/databroker (False/True)
* subscriberCount = amount of subscriber you want to spawn (0 is also allowed)
* path = which VSS path gets used to stress
* Debug = Display debug messages(1) else (0)

> The stresstest stresses setValue at the moment and builds everthing from scratch. Alternatively we should be able to pull docker images and run them and stresstest these instances. The second stresstest that could be performed is subscribing with a certain amount of subcribers. this checks how the bandwith and everything changes with 100 or more subscriber.

Reviewer 2: > 
```suggestion
The stresstest stresses setValue at the moment and builds everything from scratch. Alternatively we should be able to pull docker images and run them and stresstest these instances. The second stresstest that could be performed is subscribing with a certain amount of subscribers. this checks how the bandwidth and everything changes with 100 or more subscribers.
```
